---
title: Mobs and Enemies
banner: true
additional_scripts: ["/assets/atlas.min.js"]
---

* unordered
{:toc}

<!-- Keep this sorted alphabatically -->

### Armor Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Armor Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuArmorBlack_h01"
%}

### Bird Kaibutsu (Small)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Bird Kaibutsu (Small)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdSmallWater_h01"
%}

### Bird Kaibutsu (Large)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Bird Kaibutsu (Large)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuBirdLargeEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdLargeFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdLargeLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdLargeShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuBirdLargeWater_h01"
%}

### Cetus/Plesiosaur Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Cetus/Plesiosaur Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_cetus_s01,fg_cetus_s01_skin1,fg_cetus_h01"
%}

### Ghost Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Ghost Kaibutsu (Adult)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostAdultWater_h01"
%}

### Ghost Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Ghost Kaibutsu (Juvenile)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuGhostLarvaWater_h01"
%}


### Giant Meteorite Kaibutsu (Virtual)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Giant Meteorite Kaibutsu (Virtual)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorDigitalBigWater_h01"
%}

### Jellyfish Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Jellyfish Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuJellyfishEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuJellyfishWater_h01"
%}

### Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Kaibutsu (Adult)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuAdultEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultFireBarrier_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultWater_h01"
%}

### Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Kaibutsu (Juvenile)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuLarvaEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaWater_h01"
%}

### Mafia

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mafia" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainMafiaEarth_s01,fg_villainMafiaFire_s01,fg_villainMafiaLight_s01,fg_villainMafiaShadow_s01,fg_villainMafiaWater_s01"
%}

### Mafia (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mafia (Transform)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainMafiaEarth_h01,fg_villainMafiaFire_h01,fg_villainMafiaLight_h01,fg_villainMafiaShadow_h01,fg_villainMafiaWater_h01"
%}

### Mercenary (Clown)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mercenary (Clown)" mob=true
sprites="fg_mercenaryCircus2202Earth_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Fire_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Light_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Shadow_h01,fg_mercenaryCircus2202Water_h01"
%}

### Mercenary (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mercenary (Transform)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainMercenaryEarth_h01,fg_villainMercenaryFire_h01,fg_villainMercenaryLight_h01,fg_villainMercenaryShadow_h01,fg_villainMercenaryWater_h01"
%}

### Meteorite Kaibutsu (Large)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Meteorite Kaibutsu (Large)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMeteorEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorWater_h01"
%}

### Meteorite Kaibutsu (Small)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Meteorite Kaibutsu (Small)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuMeteorSmallWater_h01"
%}

### Mock-Gomeisa Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mock-Gomeisa Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_gomeisaBlack_h01"
%}

### Mock-Procy Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mock-Procy Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_procyBlack_h01"
%}

### Mock-Shizuku Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Mock-Shizuku Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuShizuku_h01"
%}

### Ninja Trainee

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Ninja Trainee" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeNinjaEarth_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaFire_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaLight_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaShadow_s01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaWater_s01"
%}

### Ninja Trainee (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Ninja Trainee (Transform)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeNinjaEarth_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaFire_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaLight_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaShadow_h01,fg_villainTraineeNinjaWater_h01"
%}

### Salvager (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Salvager (Transform)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainSalvagerEarth_h01,fg_villainSalvagerFire_h01,fg_villainSalvagerLight_h01,fg_villainSalvagerShadow_h01,fg_villainSalvagerWater_h01"
%}

### Shark Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Shark Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuSharkEarth_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkFire_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkLight_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkShadow_h01,fg_kaibutsuSharkWater_h01"
%}

### Space Kaibutsu (Adult)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Space Kaibutsu (Adult)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuAdultEarthSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultFireSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultLightSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultShadowSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuAdultWaterSpace_h01"
%}

### Space Kaibutsu (Juvenile)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Space Kaibutsu (Juvenile)" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuLarvaEarthSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaFireSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaLightSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaShadowSpace_h01,fg_kaibutsuLarvaWaterSpace_h01"
%}

### Tentacle Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Tentacle Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuTentacleTree_h01,fg_kaibutsuTentacle_h01"
%}

### Trainee

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Trainee" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeEarth_s01,fg_villainTraineeFire_s01,fg_villainTraineeLight_s01,fg_villainTraineeShadow_s01,fg_villainTraineeWater_s01"
%}

### Trainee (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Trainee (Transform)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainTraineeEarth_h01,fg_villainTraineeFire_h01,fg_villainTraineeLight_h01,fg_villainTraineeShadow_h01,fg_villainTraineeWater_h01"
%}

### Tree Kaibutsu

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Tree Kaibutsu" mob=true
sprites="fg_kaibutsuXmas2012_h01"
%}

### Villain

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Villain" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainEarth_s01,fg_villainFire_s01,fg_villainLight_s01,fg_villainShadow_s01,fg_villainWater_s01"
%}

### Villain (Summer)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Villain (Summer)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainEarth_s01_skin1,fg_villainFire_s01_skin1,fg_villainLight_s01_skin1,fg_villainShadow_s01_skin1,fg_villainWater_s01_skin1"
%}

### Villain (Transform)

{% include hero-infobox-unreleased.html name="Villain (Transform)" mob=true
sprites="fg_villainEarth_h01,fg_villainFire_h01,fg_villainLight_h01,fg_villainShadow_h01,fg_villainWater_h01"
%}
